# What is the Google Advanced Data Analytics Project?
As part of the Google Advanced Data Analytics Certificate offered on Coursera, students must complete a capstone project. There are multiple capstone projects that students can choose to complete. This particular project is a fictitious case study using a hypothetical TikToK assignment. In this project, the student takes the role of a TikTok data analyst and is put on a hypothetical team with the goal of creating a machine learning model capable of classifying claims made against videos uploaded onto the platform.
*This is a fictional case study aimed at displaying my skills in a hypothetical working environment. I have not worked for nor am I affiliated with the TikTok company.*
In the first course of the Certificate, I created a [Project Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GTSt17KxEr1lU9-ps7b_h0s2-tseWWqzIZdxwNLVE8U/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ktz5mlu0b7kz) and a [Planning Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X9ypk4f4lU6ee92UevrKcBM6mccnGf3ZlAuOeJYlnFU/edit?tab=t.0) based on the PACE model.
PACE stands for Plan, Analyze, Create, and Execute. For more details on the PACE model, see the [Planning Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X9ypk4f4lU6ee92UevrKcBM6mccnGf3ZlAuOeJYlnFU/edit?tab=t.0).

I then created a [PACE Strategy Document for Phase 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjLdQcsUV-_tvo2EnQoAqq44hAL1uiiRqwz04O-HJU4/edit?usp=sharing). From this document I planned how I would assess the data set provided to me. My mission was to identify trends during my Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA). You can refer to the Course 2 TikTok project lab.ipynb file to see the code used in that EDA. All of this analysis culminated in the Course-2-Executive-summaries.pdf where I shared my key findings and suggested next steps.

For Phase 3 of this project EDA was performed again but this time visualizations were created with Python and Tableau. In this stage, you can view the [Course-3 TikTok project lab](https://github.com/Psyched4Data/Portfolio-Projects/blob/main/Google%20Advanced%20Data%20Analytics%20Project/Course-3%20TikTok%20project%20lab.ipynb) to see sample python code or the [Course-3-PACE-strategy-document](https://github.com/Psyched4Data/Portfolio-Projects/blob/main/Google%20Advanced%20Data%20Analytics%20Project/Course-3-PACE-strategy-document.docx) to view a general overview of this stage.
